---
title: My Experience with TCM Security PNPT accelerated Cohort
date: 2023-07-31 14.44.00 +/-TTTT
categories: [Classes, Certifications]
tags: [pnpt ,tcm, hacking, red team, penetration tester, practical network penetration tester]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
author: me
--- 

# Helping Others From Where you are
Today, I want to share a story about the power of helping others, even when you may not consider yourself an expert. About a month ago, I achieved a significant milestone in my journey towards becoming a cyber security expert by passing the PJPT Certification from TCM Security. Overflowing with excitement, I decided to share this achievement on LinkedIn, not realizing the profound impact it would have.

To my astonishment, my post received an overwhelming response, garnering more than 10,000 impressions, far beyond anything I had experienced before. However, I quickly acknowledged that this success wasn't solely due to my efforts; it was the result of the support and encouragement from those I tagged and the people who generously shared my post.

This experience led me to ponder the theme of this story: "Helping People from Where You Are." Despite not considering myself an authority in cyber security or pentesting, I possess a genuine passion for the field and actively seek to transition my career in that direction. As a result of my LinkedIn post, I received numerous connection requests and direct messages, with people offering congratulations and seeking my advice.

Among those who reached out was a person I'll refer to as "Psuedo." Psuedo messaged me on the main discord, inquiring about my study plan and the PJPT exam. I did my best to answer his questions, and our conversation extended beyond that. We talked about his daily routines, aspirations, and struggles, which made me realize that, like me, he had a genuine passion for hacking and cybersecurity.

Psuedo later sought my assistance with a challenging problem from his course, not seeking a direct answer but rather my approach to the issue. I listened carefully, asking thought-provoking questions that encouraged him to think critically. He grasped the opportunity and successfully solved the problem on his own, fostering his hacking skills and mindset with just a gentle nudge.

Throughout the month, our interactions continued, and I began the PNPT accelerated course. We shared experiences and encouraged each other's progress. I genuinely cared about Psuedo's well-being, aware of the potential burnout associated with such endeavors.

One day, I asked Psuedo when he planned to attempt PJPT exam before the early adopter badges were gone. His response revealed hesitancy, citing nervousness and a busy schedule. In that moment, caught up in my own work, I offered a heartfelt response, expressing my confidence in his abilities based on our conversations. I shared my personal struggles and how I had experienced self-doubt before my own exam, but our discussions had given me a glimpse of his knowledge and potential.

The significance of this story lies in the fact that I don't carry the official title of "pentester" in my job, but in my heart, I am one. And so is Psuedo. Often, we become immersed in studying and lack tangible ways to showcase our progress. Self-doubt can loom over us, dampening our motivation. I've certainly fallen victim to this, and Psuedo experienced it too. But our connection and candid conversations allowed Psuedo to see the possibilities, the potential he aspired to achieve.

Ultimately, the lesson here is that you don't need to be an expert in your own eyes to be an expert to someone else. Your knowledge and experiences, however humble they may seem to you, can be a guiding light for others on their journey. It's the genuine connections and encouragement we offer that can uplift and inspire others to pursue their dreams, just like Psuedo and I did for eachother. So, let's continue to help and support one another, knowing that we can make a meaningful impact on each other's lives.
